Select component tutorial [WIP] (#181)
patternfly/training-scenarios: react-components/select/step6.md

> There a couple additional properties used to customize general visual aspects of the Select component.

Reviewer: dont capitalize the select

> width controls the overall width of the select toggle, using pixels or percentages.

Reviewer: capitalize the W in width

> height controls the maximum height of the expanded select menu, using pixels or percentages.

Reviewer: split up this text into 4 actionable points and at each point add the property to the select component.

Reviewer 2: There a couple should be there are additional properties...

> Typeahead variants support adding new options, based on the user entered input. This is supported in two parts, first by allowing a user to select their custom input, and second by allowing this custom input to be added to the overall list of options for permanence.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Typeahead variants support adding new options, based on the user entered input. This is supported in two parts, first by allowing a user to select their custom input, and second by allowing this custom input to be added to the overall list of options for permanence.
```

> 1) **Add the `isCreateable` flag to the `select` component.**

Reviewer 3: I think isCreateable is spelled incorrectly here. Or it's spelled incorrectly in the code snippet.

Either way, adding the flag does not seem to do anything. I am not seeing the things described in your `Note` following the snippet.

<pre class="file" data-target="clipboard">
isCreatable
</pre>

> <strong>Note:</strong> With this flag, when text is entered that does not match anything in the list, a new message prompting the user to create an option based on the input is displayed. This selectable message replaces the "no results found" message displayed when filtering would otherwise return nothing. This allows the current value to be used as a new selection, but does not persist the data - it will appear as selected, but will not appear in the overall list.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
<strong>Note:</strong> With this flag, when text is entered that does not match anything in the list, a new message prompting the user to create an option based on the input displayed. This selectable message replaces the "no results found" message displayed when filtering would otherwise return nothing. This allows the current value to be used as a new selection, but does not persist the data - it will appear as selected, but will not appear in the overall list.
```

Typeahead variants support adding new options, based on the user entered input. This is supported in two parts, first by allowing a user to select their custom input, and second by allowing this custom input to be added to the overall list of options for permanence.

> 1) **Add the isCreateable flag to the Select component.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1) **Add the `isCreateable` flag to the `Select` component.**
```

<pre class="file" data-target="clipboard">
  isCreatable
</pre>

> This is what your select component should look like:

Reviewer: remove "you"

```
<Select 
  onToggle={this.onToggle}
  onSelect={this.onSelect}
  selections={selected}
  isExpanded={isExpanded}
  placeholderText="Select a state"
  variant={SelectVariant.typeahead}
  onClear={this.clearSelection}
  onFilter={this.customFilter}
  isCreatable
>
    {options}
</Select>
```

<strong>Note:</strong> With this flag, a new message is displayed at the end of the list, prompting the user to create an option based on the input. Additionally, this message replaces the "no results found" message when filtering would otherwise return nothing. This lets you use your current value as a new selection, but does not persist the data - it will appear as selected, but will not appear in the overall list.

> <strong>Hint:</strong> To persist a new value permanently, use the onCreateOption property.

Reviewer: How should this hint be applied? Should it be applied in this step or another time in the future?

Author: It's more transitional text than a hint, thinking about it. The next step is about persisting the new options. I'm going to remove it.

> 2) **Add the following function that adds a new value to the options array to the constructor of the App class:**

Reviewer: Split up actions, based on feedback above

<pre class="file" data-target="clipboard">
  this.onCreateOption = newValue => {
    this.setState({
      options: [
        ...this.state.options,
        &lt;SelectOption
          value={new CustomDataState(newValue, "any", "other data", 0)}
        &gt;
          {newValue}
        &lt;/SelectOption&gt;
      ]
    });
  };
</pre>

<strong>Note:</strong> The function receives the text input entered by the user and is triggered when a new option is selected.

> 3) **Add a new property to the select component called `onCreateOption` and assign it to the function that was added in step 2.**

Reviewer: Split up steps

Typeahead variants support adding new options, based on the user entered input. This is supported in two parts, first by allowing a user to select their custom input, and second by allowing this custom input to be added to the overall list of options for permanence.

> 1) **Add the `isCreateable` flag to the `Select` component.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1) **Add the `isCreateable` flag to the `select` component.**
```

<pre class="file" data-target="clipboard">
isCreatable
</pre>

> The component should look as below.

Reviewer: I think you can remove this part as they only added one line (unless you think its necessary for them to check this at this point)

```
<Select 
  onToggle={this.onToggle}
  onSelect={this.onSelect}
  selections={selected}
  isExpanded={isExpanded}
  placeholderText="Select a state"
  variant={SelectVariant.typeahead}
  onClear={this.clearSelection}
  onFilter={this.customFilter}
  isCreatable
>
    {options}
</Select>
```

<strong>Note:</strong> With this flag, a new message is displayed at the end of the list, prompting the user to create an option based on the input. Additionally, this message replaces the "no results found" message when filtering would otherwise return nothing. This allows the current value to be used as a new selection, but does not persist the data - it will appear as selected, but will not appear in the overall list.

2) **Add a function to add a new value to the options array.**

> This function should go in the constructor of the App class. This function allows the custom entered options to persist.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The function below allows the custom entered options to persist. Add this function in the constructor of the App class under (....)
```

Reviewer: What does persist mean, is there another word that could be used here instead

<pre class="file" data-target="clipboard">
this.onCreateOption = newValue => {
  this.setState({
    options: [
      ...this.state.options,
      &lt;SelectOption
        value={new CustomDataState(newValue, "any", "other data", 0)}
      &gt;
        {newValue}
      &lt;/SelectOption&gt;
    ]
  });
};
</pre>

<strong>Note:</strong> The function receives the text input entered by the user and is triggered when a new option is selected.

> 3) **Add a new property to the `Select` component called `onCreateOption`.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3) **Add an `onCreateOption` prop to the `select` component.**
```

> Assign it to the function that was added in step 2.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Assign the prop to the the function that was added in step 2.
```
